hello everybody this is Simon with the
11th episode of let's play megaman 5
we're up to prote man's third level and
in perfect progression this is my
favorite stage in the game it's a decent
challenge got some great gimmicks and is
a lot of fun just messing around it this
first cultures that bears H has a lot of
teeth to it with those man Joe ganas
that are very hard to deal with um I
just like to show of the real power of
giant egg here though so using the
megabus is also perfectly acceptable any
other weapons are not that great because
of all the hits and stuff I do really
like the atmosphere to human indoors and
outdoors areas and mixed together to not
make it boring or anything it's got
perfectly acceptable palette at least in
my eyes and there are few rooms where
Power Stone is actually useful Wow
this is also a good use of those
platforms which I really like just fast
jumps a sandstone main stage it's a bit
harder the spikes don't really matter
which is just as I like it because I'm
not a big fan of instant death at all
yeah and we're outside again for some
reason this guy wouldn't die and for
some reason his hitbox is completely
yep blunder aside Chris eyes
really good here because as you could
see just there if you're quick on the
draw you can just take those guys out
extremely easily this one however always
a bit of a pain to deal with so shoot
and let's skip it great we've even have
had to wait there for him to deploy and
this is a completely inexplicable room
because I cannot render this unit why
the do I have to use rush coil here
it breaks flow it's just absolutely
unnecessary I will never get segments
like that but that's done with and we're
off to their great gaming of this level
I really like this snake you even though
the physics em are mega man 5 typically
is somewhat problematic as rush just
demonstrated they completely stole this
from super mario world obviously wearing
when this council i think has also this
moving snake but that doesn't mean that
it is great and it does better than
super mario world which is kind of rare
for a megaman game i think this is like
an auto-scrolling stage than completely
right it is the right speed and you
never feel like you have to wait for
something except for a short bit at the
end here but it doesn't really matter
and fell from above enough napalm bombs
and yeah I really like that and contrary
to many many gimmicks and Mega Man games
it gets reused later in the stage and
it's even better there so that's the
breaks super air is still the best deal
with those guys because well it is the
week
very glad for that weapon energy drop
though now charge kick is usually very
good against those guys but in this
instance it's just you don't have any
room behind them so I'm just going to
test this right here yeah stuff
like that is also what makes this stage
great I mean they obviously designed it
so you could help up there you could
have used the Mega Buster too but that
would have taken far more time and this
is the most legitimate use for Power
Stone I've ever seen especially if
you're hanging on the ladder not an art
quick on the draw like I was just I mean
it takes forever to kill this guy but
you're perfectly safe while doing it and
if you are under later well you cannot
use gyro tech alarm because you cannot
shoot it upwards so yeah and I'm going
to leave out powers down a bit more
because why not if you get lucky it can
take out those guys pretty easily if you
do not get lucky well then this happens
yeah but i still like using it because i
come on it won't get any other uses you
and a bit of risk is just to spice
things up anyway off to a very hard boss
this guy can wreck your though he's
really really nice to me not doing
anything at all those things as I will
later demonstrate if they hit you will
freeze you in place yeah just like that
and just as Brightman and magma for this
absolutely nothing you can do against
this however this is a far fair a fight
than Brightman because you can actually
just dodge those things you can tease
them out by jumping at the right time
this was a mistimed on my end it is a
really hard boss fight because it can
wreck your pretty easily and
dodging him and his barrage of bullets
isn't too easy but if you slide away at
the right time and remember that you can
indeed with the right timing tease out
his bullets that frees you when you call
as you then it's not too hard also gyro
Tech is this weakness which is always
good because gyro tech rules
so done with the best stage in the game
my opinion at least and off to proto man
himself whoa while that spiky and I
think we'll deal with this next time for
now this was Simon with let's play
megaman 5 and thank you very much for
your attention